!! yt homepage stuff

! hide chip
www.youtube.com##ytd-feed-filter-chip-bar-renderer.style-scope.ytd-rich-grid-renderer

! hide icons and newness on left pane
www.youtube.com##yt-icon.guide-icon.style-scope.ytd-guide-entry-renderer
www.youtube.com##yt-img-shadow.style-scope.ytd-guide-entry-renderer.no-transition
www.youtube.com##div#newness-dot

! hide yt icon at the top left
www.youtube.com##yt-icon#logo-icon.style-scope.ytd-logo
www.youtube.com##span.style-scope.ytd-topbar-logo-renderer

! hide thumbnails,
www.youtube.com##.style-scope.ytd-thumbnail
www.youtube.com##div#thumbnail-container
www.youtube.com##ytd-video-preview.style-scope.ytd-app
www.youtube.com##div#thumbnail.style-scope.ytd-rich-grid-media

! hide channel badge, verified badge, viewcount
www.youtube.com##span.inline-metadata-item.style-scope.ytd-video-meta-block
www.youtube.com##div#avatar-container
www.youtube.com##ytd-badge-supported-renderer.style-scope.ytd-channel-name
www.youtube.com##ytd-badge-supported-renderer.video-badge

! hide shorts section
www.youtube.com##div#content.style-scope.ytd-rich-section-renderer

! hide any continuation ghost cards
www.youtube.com##div#ghost-cards


!! video playing page stuff

! hide top categories tape
www.youtube.com##yt-related-chip-cloud-renderer

! hide shorts section
www.youtube.com##ytd-reel-shelf-renderer

!hide channel icon
www.youtube.com##a.yt-simple-endpoint.style-scope.ytd-video-owner-renderer
www.youtube.com##yt-img-shadow#thumbnail

! hide commentor's profilepic and engagement buttons:
www.youtube.com##div#author-thumbnail
www.youtube.com##div#toolbar.style-scope.ytd-comment-engagement-bar
www.youtube.com##div#creator-thumbnail.creator-thumbnail.style-scope.ytd-comment-replies-renderer
www.youtube.com##yt-image-shadow.author-thumbnail

! hide playlist and video thumbnail
www.youtube.com##ytd-playlist-thumbnail
www.youtube.com##ytd-thumbnail

! hide includes paid promotion and live badge
www.youtube.com##.ytp-paid-content-overlay
www.youtube.com##ytd-badge-supported-renderer.badge-style-type-live-now-alternate

! hide related skeleton
www.youtube.com##div#related-skeleton

! hide the live buttons
www.youtube.com##ytd-badge-supported-renderer.badges.style-scope.ytd-compact-video-renderer

! remove always shown item on try youtube kids youtube premium ads
www.youtube.com##div#always-shown.style-scope.ytd-metadata-row-container-renderer


!! channel page stuff

! hide channel icon and banner
www.youtube.com##div#page-header-banner.style-scope.ytd-tabbed-page-header
www.youtube.com##yt-decorated-avatar-view-model.yt-decorated-avatar-view-model-wiz.page-header-view-model-wiz__page-header-headline-image

! hide shorts and its sections in the pane
www.youtube.com##yt-tab-shape[tab-title="Shorts"]
www.youtube.com##div#shorts-container
www.youtube.com##div#shorts-player
www.youtube.com##div.navigation-container.style-scope.ytd-shorts
www.youtube.com##a#endpoint[title="Shorts"]
www.youtube.com##.ytp-cued-thumbnail-overlay
www.youtube.com##ytm-shorts-lockup-view-model-v2.ShortsLockupViewModelHost

! hide the tab under the pane
www.youtube.com##div.yt-tab-group-shape-wiz__slider



!! search results page stuff

! hide chip bar
www.youtube.com##div#chip-bar


! hide channel icon
www.youtube.com##a#channel-thumbnail


! hide the channel icons
www.youtube.com##div#avatar-section

! hide the expandable data - chapters important moments
www.youtube.com##div#expandable-metadata


!! removing emojis 

! hide emojis in comment section
www.youtube.com##span.yt-core-attributed-string--inline-block-mod

!! hide chat section in live streams
www.youtube.com##div#chat-container

